Miss Tang is about to marry Master Xiao
Today is their engagement ceremony
Are you finished?
Then you can go
In adults
Is there anything wrong with what I said? You said it well.
I just need to rest.
You can leave now.
I'm taking your leave.
Clear Ann
Go and investigate for me immediately
When Xiao Lingqing got engaged to Tang Miaoyin
In 10 minutes.
I want to know the whole story.
Please rest assured.
The third judge has investigated clearly
Tang Haishan, the second child of the Tang family, launched a family power grab
Mr. Tang was admitted to the hospital
Tanghaishan Tang Miaoying's mother Zhang Xuelan
Threatening Wang Miaoying to marry Xiao Linqing
Tang Miaoying had no choice but to agree first
And ask
Today, it is in the warehouse of the Tang family's villa.
Now please invite Miss Tang Miaoyin to
Master Xiao Lingqing changes the ring
Tang Miaoying, you better think carefully.
Now your cousin is what your second uncle says
My Xiao family is not what it used to be
You thought it through
You are shameless and will never let you go.
Ye Longyuan, even if he dares to come today
I'll break his hands
Let him kneel before me
I can't let you watch him survive in front of me
begging for death